[Music]
founded by never shop the shelf is
absolutely covered in its Suckerfish
remoras they're covering the body look
at that it sucks it's a ring shock it's
actually I'm bothered by our presence
this is extraordinary
oh I literally heard you just go to the
water and I can already see what nine
ten I think ten out of lemon sharks I
think that like they're all body grown
females you can see how incredibly quote
that comfortable getting to me they have
absolutely no fear of me whatsoever and
won't would be in this environment they
really are kings they're very
distinctive with small yellow eyes and
and their mouth is just spilling over
with tea these lemon sharks can turn
right around and bite their own tail
there's that flexible you can see how
easily this amazing predator can
suddenly become a terrible threat I mean
we're in their environment not they in
ours
although I'm not on the menu these
sharks can be incredibly intimidating
they'll go around over and even through
you after the bait just imagine if you
were a fish and they were after you
sensing electricity from the camera
Thank You doc this stick here at the end
of it at two different kinds of metals
and it gives up a weak electrical field
which the Sharks can sense with loads of
tiny sensors in their snouts they think
that the end of a stick is food hey
there big fella see that it's actually
taking a bite of the snake that's what I
think about sharks and their lack of
danger to humans there's still a
predator that's right at the top of
their game
and you can see why nothing rivals them